
Samples.txt

ReadMe for the Samples Directory for the AZCG65 MS-DOS hosted cross-
compiler for 6502 target systems

The samples directory contains some ProDOS programs targeted for the
Aztec C SHELL.SYSTEM environment. I built these for my AppleShell
distribution of the Aztec C SHELL programs for ProDOS and DOS.3.3.

The libraries that come with this compiler are aimed at creating
console programs rather than Graphics programs which makes CG65 well
suited for producing programs for the ProDOS SHELL.

Please note that I have added some utilities to the tools directory.
One of these is an old version of turbo make which I use instead of the
Aztec C make utility. I just prefer the syntax. You can build each of
these samples from the shortcuts provided by typing "tmake" in their
respective directories at the Windows XP command prompt created by the
shortcut.

The other utilities are called by the MAKEFILE for the samples. The TXT
files are Apple Text versions of the C programs. They have no
linefeeds... only carriage-returns. Best for viewing on an Apple //e in
80 column mode, as are the sample programs best-run as well.

The program EXMPL.C in the samples directory is slightly modified from
the EXMPL.C program in the WORK directory. You will use the one in the
WORK directory if you do the tutorial in the manual. Aside from the
samples directory and the tools directory, I have added a DOCS
directory where the electronic manual is stored. Otherwise, this is
all set-up according to the manual.

You can read the Manual in the DOCS directory for more information
about CG65 and read the related source code for more information about
what I have added.

I should note that I used the Aztec C make utility to build the 4
libraries supplied with CG65 and I used the nmake from Microsoft's last
16 bit compiler to build the programs in the tools directory.

And that is all.

Have Fun!

Bill Buckels 
August 2008


